[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
DOUBLE TAKE
[Odd] So then, the guy gets up
and starts to scream:
"Oh no,
my canoe just sprang a leak!"
[laughs]
Come on, that's hysterical.
The guy thinks his canoe sprang a leak.
Oh, forget it.
-You guys have no sense of humor.
-We do. That's the problem.
Don't worry, Odd,
a sense of humor comes with growing up.
Come on, I'm the funniest guy in school.
In fact, if I wasn't me,
I would be president of my own fan club.
[laughs]
Now that's what I call funny.
Yeah, but the problem is
I didn't mean it to be funny.
[Jeremy] Do you mind making
a little bit less noise?
-[computer keys clicking]
-Some of us are trying to work.
I've already spent a lot of sleepless
nights recreating the rest of Lyoko
and improving the digital equipment
for all of you.
And now I've gotta figure out
what to do about William.
You haven't forgotten that
while you're doing your bad standup act…
It wasn't me. It was him.
…that William is stuck on Lyoko,
under the control of XANA
and if we don't do anything
people are gonna start
noticing his absence.
-[computer beeping]
-So keep it down.
[digital whirring]
-[phone rings]
-[Mr. Delmas groans]
Delmas Academy,
Jean-Pierre Kadic here…
Kadic Academy,
Jean-Pierre Delmas speaking.
[through the phone]
This is James Dunbar, William's father.
I'm calling to say that my son
won't be able to attend school this week.
He's got a very high fever,
and he has to stay in bed.
[groans]
Rats!
-[digital whirring]
-I hope it's not game over for him.
[grunts]
That is to say, nothing too serious.
Just a very bad flu.
[digital whirring]
Oh, that's a relief.
Please tell your son that we all wish
him a speedy recovery, Mr. Dunbar.
Good-bye, and thanks for calling.
-[hangs phone]
-[digital whirring]
[groans]
[sighs in relief]
I honestly don't know
what we'd do without my voice synthesizer.
Well, now that we handled Delmas,
maybe we can go to more important stuff.
-Yeah, like what?
-Meatballs and spaghetti!
Odd, I know that you're a walking stomach
but I haven't got time to go to lunch.
I have to get to the factory to test out
the latest codes for your new equipment.
Could you program me some bell-bottom
pants with an orange stripe on the side?
Will ya! I need a little thinking time.
What you need is to hear a good joke.
You don't laugh enough. Lighten up.
[digital whirring]
[woman] It doesn't look that hard, sir.
[woman] There we are.
-[woman chuckles]
-[grunts]
By the way, Nicole,
don't you have some work to finish up?
-[Nicole doubts]
-[phone rings]
-What now?
-[man] James Dunbar speaking.
I'm calling you, sir,
because I'm getting worried.
I haven't heard from my son,
William, for several days
and whenever I try to contact him
on his mobile
he doesn't pick up.
Well, isn't that a shame.
I assure you I'll do everything
I possibly can to find your son.
I'll call the army, the FBI,
even the President. So don't worry.
[James Dunbar] Well,
there's no need to go that far for now.
Now listen, Mr. Whoever alias Dunbar.
You would do better
to think about your own fate
and not that of your so-called son
once I discover who
it is that's calling. So there!
Hear that, Nicole?
That is the way you have to talk
to practical jokers
who enjoy playing tricks on you.
[nods]
There's one thing I don't get.
How do you know that
he was the practical joker
and not the person you spoke to
on the phone before?
Huh?
[theme music]
[upbeat music]
[in disbelief]
You don't want your banana?
It's for Einstein. The walking stomach has
to look out for our local genius.
Uh-oh… Delmas and Incredible Hulk
at eleven o'clock.
[upbeat music]
[Mr. Delmas] Hello, Yumi. I was wondering,
have you had any news
of William Dunbar by any chance?
Jim said that you were close friends.
Somebody told me that he was sick
in bed with a very high fever.
Let me handle this, Jean-Pierre.
Listen, Yumi, be honest with us.
I know perfectly well that William isn't
any more sick than I am.
-[Jim sneezes]
-Bless you, Jim.
Thank you. If you wanna know what I think,
I think William is somewhere
and something tells me that somehow
you know exactly where that somewhere is
and that sometimes,
it's better to be honest with someone.
So uno, somebody should tell William
we know he's around
and doso, he oughta get back
before tonight.
If not, Mr. Delmas, our beloved principal,
will call some police.
-That oughta do it.
-No way!
That means I'm gonna have to slog away
all afternoon trying to finish a program
to get William out of XANA's clutches.
And who knows if it'll even work?
Uh-uh, that's impossible.
We've got track this afternoon.
You can't keep cutting PE all the time.
One more time
and you're gonna be in a lot of trouble.
-[Jeremy] Okay, I'll get back to you.
-What are you gonna do?
[Jeremy through phone]
Improvise… As usual.
Problem: being here and in class
at the same time.
It's not easy.
[vendor machine working
and suddenly stopping]
[mechanism jamming]
[Odd grumbles]
[groans]
I don't believe it!
[Yumi chuckles]
-I don't believe it!
-Wow, he sure got ready fast.
[everybody wow]
[Jeremy] Two points.
[Jeremy] Hey, everybody.
You've already finished all you had to do?
Piece of cake, sweetie pie, huh?
What do you think? Sure I'm done.
You're looking at the man.
How's it going kid?
You must've got all dolled up
for me today.
You wouldn't believe the vibes
I'm feeling right now.
Huh?
Hey, go back to being Jeremy, will you?
[playfully]
Hmm?
It's just that… Whenever I see you,
I don't feel like I'm myself.
-[sighs]
-XANA.
[Odd groans]
[groans]
[sinister music]
Cool.
[phone ringing]
-[Jeremy] Hello, Yumi?
-Jeremy? But then…
[sinister music]
[gasps]
What do you think of me, guys?
Hold on. You mind explaining this?
You mean you haven't figured out
that I made a double of myself?
A digital copy
by activating a tower on Lyoko.
This way, I can work on the program
for finding William
and be in gym class at the same time.
You might have warned us about it,
Einstein!
Sorry, guys, but I was in a big hurry.
Anyway, you oughta know that
your double has gotta be
about the biggest flirt I've ever met.
[beeping]
Very strange.
Must be some kind of emerging quality
that appeared unexpectedly.
Anyway, guys, I may not have hit
a home run with it
but a double is still pretty good.
[theme music]
-[Jim] Abulabbas?
-[Abulabbas] Here.
-Belpois?
-Present.
No, this has gotta be a dream.
Jeremy Belpois in person has finally
decided to honor us
with his presence, in the flesh,
although there's not a whole lot.
After holding the world's record
for absences from every single sport
we're all going to watch Mister Skin
and Bones make up for lost time by
throwing his lack of weight around.
[laughs]
His lack…
And so it was in 1671 that Isaac Newton
created his famous reflection telescope
and as I'm sure you can see on this very
rare and precious model of it…
Okay, let me get out of the line of fire
before I give you the signal.
-Go on.
-[Jeremy] Yep.
Newton and his law of gravity?
The apple that fell?
[crashing noise]
[Yumi sighs]
Holy Toledo, Belpois.
-Whew.
-I mean… Incredible, Belpois.
How could you throw that thing so far
with arms as scrawny
as the wings of a chicken, huh?
Uh, well you see, Jim,
he's been working out a lot.
[Suzanne]
Jim! You're worse than those barbarians
who burned down the Alexandria Library!
Thank you, Suzanne.
[grunts]
Jeremy, you're gonna participate
in the interschool competition
against the top student gymnasts.
Those dodos at Central Prep
won't know what hit 'em!
[music crescendoes]
-[gasps]
-[computer beeping]
[digital whirring and sinister music]
I don't believe it!
[sinister music]
[tense music]
[William] Go on! You too!
[grunts and growls]
[tense music]
[exhaling]
[phone rings]
OK, champ. Now let's see how well
you throw the javelin.
Jeremy, this better be important.
Sure it is. XANA's attacking the tower
that I activated.
[Jeremy] If it keeps up,
XANA will be able to activate it
in red and use it
for his own evil purposes.
[nods in approval]
I get the idea. How can you
get the process to stop?
[Jeremy] To buy a little time I can
channel some of Sector Five's energy
to shore up
the tower's resistance.
[sinister music]
[tense music]
-Jeremy, hurry up.
-[Jeremy] I'm almost there.
[gasps]
[William grunts]
-[digital whirring]
-[Jeremy] OK.
[huffs]
-[Jeremy's double shrieks]
-[electricity crackles]
[Jeremy groans]
[all gasping]
[man] Hey! What do you think you're doing?
Yahoo! Yeah!
I'm gonna be your personal manager,
Belpois.
Wait 'til they get a load of this.
You and me, we're gonna go far. Trust me.
We're gonna taste the thrill of victory!
We're gonna breeze through
the championships, the nationals
the planetaries, the interplanetaries,
the intergalactics!
To the factory.
-[Jim] Stern, Della Robbia!
-[all gasp]
Go on, pick yourselves a lane
and let's see how you run
the 400 meters against Belpois.
[Odd and Ulrich gasp]
[Jim] You ready, champ?
[Jeremy laughs]
[Jim] On your marks. Get ready.
Set… Bang!
[huffs]
[tense music]
[crackling]
[Jeremy]
You won't get me that easy, XANA.
[digital whirring]
-[electricity crackles]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Odd howls]
-[Jeremy crashes against the floor]
[Jim] Della Robbia!
You'd better be careful
not to rough up my champion.
You okay, kid?
[Jeremy] I'm good, Jim.
OK. Better safe than sorry
is what I always say.
Any volunteers to go with Belpois
to the infirmary?
[Aelita and Ulrich nod]
I'm off to the factory with Aelita.
-Isolate Jeremy two and watch him.
-Yeah, right. Easy for you to say.
[phone vibrates]
-[phone beeps]
-Ma'am, can I please leave the room?
[Suzanne] Ouch! Yes, go.
You haven't seen any pieces
of mirror around, have you?
[theme music]
[Odd] If the Olympic champion would be
so kind as to enter…
[lockers dragging]
[groaning]
[pants]
[Jeremy] Hurry up! I've hardly got enough
energy to protect the tower.
[tense music]
-[Yumi] We're ready, Jeremy.
-[Jeremy] OK. I'll start the procedure.
Transfer Aelita.
Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Ulrich.
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
Twin blades.
Perfect for getting a close shave.
I love your skirt, Aelita.
[Aelita] Thanks. Those shoulder
pads aren't bad either.
Hey! You two can discuss fashion later.
The activated tower is north by northwest.
[action music]
I see it.
[sinister music]
[laughs]
[bumping]
[rumbling]
Oh great, here we go again!
[groaning]
[lockers screech]
Hey, stop pushing, will you?
Don't you like it in there?
[Odd screams]
[Mr. Delmas] What is going on
around here?
Just where do you think you are, Belpois?
No big deal,
he's just a little bit edgy.
Now, try to calm down, Belpois.
[Mr. Delmas] Don't you think that
talking it out
would be much more constructive
than lashing out blindly and violently?
[Mr. Delmas groans]
-[electricity crackles]
-[Odd yells]
[sinister music]
[Odd grunts ]
Thanks a lot for the psychology lesson,
sir. Now I've gotta catch him.
[action music]
[William groans]
[howls and grunts]
Super smoke!
[panting]
Jeremy, your evil XANA possessed copy
is on his way to the factory.
[Odd] He's too fast for me
to catch up to him.
[panting]
You're on your own, good buddy.
OK, Odd. I'll see what I can do.
[computer blipping]
[gasps]
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi grunts]
Whoa!
[screams]
Where did these wings come from?
You like them?
They're just a little surprise I invented
in my spare time,
Aelita.
Jeremy, you are the wind beneath my wings.
[groans]
Whoa!
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita pants]
Aelita, you're an angel!
[both grunting]
[Ulrich grunts]
[grunting]
[exhales relieved]
[tense music]
[electricity crackles]
-[digital whirling]
-[computer keys clicking]
OK, I can be just as resourceful as you,
pal, you'll see.
[thumping]
[panting]
[laser blasting]
[mechanical roar]
-[tense music]
-[both exhale]
[swords clash]
Triplicate…
[Ulrich grunts]
[action music]
[William grunts]
Super smoke!
[gasps]
-[William grunts]
-[Ulrich yelps]
[sinister music]
[grumbles]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[electricity crackles]
[Aelita gasping]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita yelping]
Go on!
[Aelita gasps]
Whoa!
[Aelita gasps and screams]
[panting]
He leaves an impression wherever he goes.
[grunts]
-[Yumi sighs]
-[Jeremy] Yumi, watch out! You've lost
forty life points already.
-[laser blasting]
-[screams]
[mechanical roar]
[Yumi's weapon spinning]
[mechanical screech]
[explosion]
[sighs]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita] Energy field!
[sinister music]
[electricity crackles]
[crackling]
Odd, where are you?
[electricity crackling]
[Odd] Yoo-hoo, Jeremy one and two!
[screaming]
Banzai!
You may be his evil twin,
but you fight like a Bobbsey Twin.
It's not too late
to take back what I said, is it?
-[electricity crackling]
-[Odd moans]
[real Jeremy screams]
[Jeremy's double grunts]
[electricity crackling]
[real Jeremy screams]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita yells]
[Aelita] Energy field!
[mechanical roar]
[explodes]
[action music]
[Yumi] Well done!
[groans]
Keep your hands off my buddy!
[electricity crackling]
[groans]
[ethereal music]
[ring beeps]
[digital beeping]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[groans]
[electricity crackling]
[explodes]
[Ulrich groans]
[William gasps]
[sinister music]
[Yumi gasps]
Jeremy,
William's trying to push me
into the Digital Sea!
Yumi,
I'll bring you back in!
-[William growls]
-[Yumi gasps]
-[Jeremy] Oh no, it's not working!
-[Odd] What do you expect?
[Odd] Everything's breaking up!
-That's bad news.
-[Odd] Only one thing left to do.
[tense music]
[William growls]
[Yumi screams]
[William screams]
-[Yumi gasps]
-You didn't think I'd let you down,
did ya?
[Odd gasps]
[explosion]
Hey, what do you think of my new outfit,
huh?
[Yumi sighs]
Yeah, that's what I think too.
Return to the past now.
[computer blipping]
So there's no way of bringing him back,
right?
Not for the time being.
[Yumi] Have you got a plan B?
[Jeremy] Well… We haven't got
any other choice.
We'll have to make a copy of William
to replace him here at the Academy.
Isn't that a little risky?
Yep, but it's the only way
to calm Jim and Delmas.
OK, but don't ever ask me to take
the copy to the infirmary, OK?
[theme music]
[school bell rings]
Hopefully, William's copy hasn't developed
emerging qualities
like someone else I know.
-From this distance, he looks normal.
-But up close?
Well, Dunbar, my boy.
I'm glad to see that you fever has broken
and you're feeling well.
Uh, did I break anything else?
[chuckles]
Don't forget to keep
taking your medicines, eh?
[Yumi titters]
Well, we're not out of the woods yet.
[theme music]